[Explainer] Adding explainer changes for deprecatedRenderURLRepacements (#1069)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

                         'https://example.fr': 'EUR',
                         '*': 'USD'},
  'sellerCurrency:' : 'CAD',

>   'deprecatedRenderURLReplacements':{{'${SELLER1}':'ssp1'},
>                                     {'%%SELLER2%%':'ssp2'}},

Reviewer: To avoid confusion between SELLER1 corresponding to ssp1 while SELLER2 corresponding to ssp2:
```suggestion
  'deprecatedRenderURLReplacements':{{'${SELLER}':'exampleSSP'},
                                    {'%%SELLER_ALT%%':'exampleSSP'}},
```

Optionally, `perBuyerCurrencies` and `sellerCurrency` are used for [currency-checking](#36-currency-checking). `sellerCurrency` also affects how [currencies behave in reporting](#53-currencies-in-reporting).

> Optionally, `deprecatedRenderURLReplacements` can be specified to allow replacing macros within the renderURL. This works similar to [navigator.deprecatedReplaceInURN()](#72-navigatordeprecatedreplaceinurn), but within the auction config. This allows for replacements within top level seller auction configs where there are not any component seller auction configs, or component auction configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, `deprecatedRenderURLReplacements` can be specified to allow replacing macros within the URN or `src` of the `FencedFrameConfig` returned by `runAdAuction`. The mapping specified here works similar to the second parameter to [navigator.deprecatedReplaceInURN()](#72-navigatordeprecatedreplaceinurn), but within the auction config. This allows for replacements within top level seller auction configs where there are no component seller auction configs, or within component auction configs.
```
